Hi..I’m Sriramulu. I have 4+ years of experience in IT industry in which for the initial.2 years I was working as linux admin & after that I moved to cloud domain which primarily worked inside aws  devops or amazon web services. Inside aws, I have worked on multiple services like compute, storage, networking, security, database both sql and no-sql, migration. Apart from that I have also worked on various Devops tools like Docker, Kubernetes, terraform, Ansible, shell scripting, git, pipeline, ECR & ECS.
                            In the Current project which I’m doing revolves around  A project which is in the middle east for big banking client which is present, we are responsible to manage the infrastructure, so my daily day to day job is :to do the monitoring the infrastructure & to see if any problems or any issue though we have all ready created monitoring tools using cloudwatch, Prometheus or Grafana.If any alarms or events are triggered then automatically captured via eventbridge or aws lambda function which is working inside serverless infrastructure the code of which is written both in Nodejs using AWS sdkv2 and using python library lambda which is used Boto3.Earlier we used to work on Boto, however now we work on Boto3.  
  Apart from that if there any incident reported inside jira that tickets if it is assign to any of team members including me ,our job is to work on that. Earlier our project is about migration for which we migrated client inside AWS and now client has migrated to AWS our job is to manage to validate and finally to develop the tools for eg. my latest project in which I am back at the moment we are working on version2 of the API in which client is moving their database or apart from database to mongoDB. My job over there is to create mongoDB cluster inside their own infrastructure, this can be done in 3 ways; Either I can use documentDB or I can use mongoDB cloud or I can create my own cluster. At the moment,I have created my own cluster of mongoDB, working on version 4.4.so that is the responsibility I have at the moment.
install and configure Kubernetes clusters, including setting up nodes, configuring networking, and creating custom configurations. Responsible for creating, scaling, and managing Kubernetes resources, such as pods, services, deployments, and replicasets. I should be able to identify and resolve issues with Kubernetes clusters and applications running on them, using tools such as kubectl, logs, and metrics. write scripts or use tools to automate tasks such as backups, upgrades, and scaling..set up monitoring and observability tools such as prometheus and graffana to track the performance and health of Kubernetes clusters and applications. work closely with developers, DevOps teams, and other stakeholders to understand their requirements and provide solutions.



Linux Administrator Duties:
Manage, support, and maintain Linux installed systems
Install, upgrade, and maintain Linux based systems
Ensure security of systems and data
Manage system backups, restore, and recovery
Assist with Linux server administration tasks



			